1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is? 

42 is life followed as “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy”. I watched the movie so I know it. But if I didn’t knew what 42 is then I will concisely say Mystery. Because its weird and unique and make us wonder what meaning could it be.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests? 

Because 42 isn’t a place for feeding everything we need. We need to grow our ability finding a way to solve a problem. If there is some information missing we need to find the way out by ourselves.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

It’s opportunity, equality, diversity and inclusion. 42 is a place that gives a opportunity of qualified education to anyone who wants no matter of the one’s background, grades, socio-economic status.

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time? 

Yes. I strongly recommended to nearby friends. I think the first step of learning coding is important and 42 piscine was a good place to know what is coding because the problems we need to solve is well structured. Also this is a great place to concentrate because of the atmosphere of studying.

5. What makes 42 unique?

The unique education system that students need to teach each other and the free tuition that allows diverse students able to come and make a unique synergy.

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42? 

How to solve to problems on my own and how to communicate with peers. Well honestly this is a place to learn coding so I’m learning the most about how to code actually. 

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be? 

I will reach out my near persons for advice and if there are no answer for how to solve it even I tried my best then I will start to make hypothesis and test it until I find the right way. 

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

You know what? My age and dwindling money is a big pressure more than piscine. I have a reason to finish my study as quick as possible.

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say? 

Seems your trying to find a good answer and also trying to get avoid this kind of question by simply asking this. Its a good method. Well here’s what you want. We are adults we should take care of ourselves. And here is my question. When is VISA be available?

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one? 

I feel the question “How do the internship works?” Is vague. I cannot understand the exact meaning of this questions. Internship works as I get accepted by a company. And for the second questions my answer is yes! We need to reach a certain level because at least we need to prove we meet the minimum requirement and also validating itself is a MUST DO THING so it’s not a question.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 set up a computer at a narrow interval so it makes us easy to get used to nearby peers and also bocals are trying there best to make our environment more convenient. I think the Q&A meetings of bocals and cadets is a good example.
